README.md, before:

# Storybook starter with React, Typescript, TailwindCSS and Figma using TSDX

## TODO

- Auto deploy to netlify:
  - Setup deploy for mytravelapp with https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/repo-permissions-linking/#deploy-keys
- Navbar
- Page

## Custom installation instructions

First we use tsdx to setup our react + storybook.

```
npx tsdx create courseStorybook
yarn add -D tailwindcss@npm:@tailwindcss/postcss7-compat @tailwindcss/postcss7-compat postcss@^7 autoprefixer@^9
```

If you get the error ("Received malformed response from registry for undefined. The registry may be down.") in the preceding step try

```
npm install -D tailwindcss@npm:@tailwindcss/postcss7-compat @tailwindcss/postcss7-compat postcss@^7 autoprefixer@^9
```

Now we can initialize TailwindCSS in our project

```
npx tailwindcss init
yarn add -D rollup-plugin-postcss
```

Create tsdx.config.js in root

```
// tsdx.config.js
const postcss = require('rollup-plugin-postcss');

module.exports = {
  rollup(config, options) {
    config.plugins.push(
      postcss({
        config: {
          path: './postcss.config.js',
        },
        extensions: ['.css'],
        minimize: true,
        inject: {
          insertAt: 'top',
        },
      })
    );
    return config;
  },
};
```

Create tailwind.css in /src

```
// src/tailwind.css

@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

In index.tsx

```
import './tailwind.css`;
```

## Commands

### build:css

- Install postcss globally: npm install postcss-cli -g
  Then run yarn build:css

TSDX scaffolds your new library inside `/src`, and also sets up a [Parcel-based](https://parceljs.org) playground for it inside `/example`.

The recommended workflow is to run TSDX in one terminal:

```bash
npm start # or yarn start
```

This builds to `/dist` and runs the project in watch mode so any edits you save inside `src` causes a rebuild to `/dist`.

Then run either Storybook or the example playground:

### Storybook

Run inside another terminal:

```bash
yarn storybook
```

This loads the stories from `./stories`.

> NOTE: Stories should reference the components as if using the library, similar to the example playground. This means importing from the root project directory. This has been aliased in the tsconfig and the storybook webpack config as a helper.

### Example

Then run the example inside another:

```bash
cd example
npm i # or yarn to install dependencies
npm start # or yarn start
```

The default example imports and live reloads whatever is in `/dist`, so if you are seeing an out of date component, make sure TSDX is running in watch mode like we recommend above. **No symlinking required**, we use [Parcel's aliasing](https://parceljs.org/module_resolution.html#aliases).

To do a one-off build, use `npm run build` or `yarn build`.

To run tests, use `npm test` or `yarn test`.

## Configuration

Code quality is set up for you with `prettier`, `husky`, and `lint-staged`. Adjust the respective fields in `package.json` accordingly.

### Jest

Jest tests are set up to run with `npm test` or `yarn test`.

### Bundle analysis

Calculates the real cost of your library using [size-limit](https://github.com/ai/size-limit) with `npm run size` and visulize it with `npm run analyze`.

## Continuous Integration

### GitHub Actions

Two actions are added by default:

- `main` which installs deps w/ cache, lints, tests, and builds on all pushes against a Node and OS matrix
- `size` which comments cost comparison of your library on every pull request using [size-limit](https://github.com/ai/size-limit)

## Named Exports

Per Palmer Group guidelines, [always use named exports.](https://github.com/palmerhq/typescript#exports) Code split inside your React app instead of your React library.

## Including Styles

There are many ways to ship styles, including with CSS-in-JS. TSDX has no opinion on this, configure how you like.

For vanilla CSS, you can include it at the root directory and add it to the `files` section in your `package.json`, so that it can be imported separately by your users and run through their bundler's loader.

## Publishing to NPM

We recommend using [np](https://github.com/sindresorhus/np).

[TSDX Docs](https://tsdx.io/).

Commit message:

introduced a bug, tailwind classes not working

README.md, after:

# Storybook starter with React, Typescript, TailwindCSS and Figma using TSDX

## TODO

- Check why some classes are not working anymore
- Auto deploy to netlify:
  - Setup deploy for mytravelapp with https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/repo-permissions-linking/#deploy-keys
- Navbar
- Page

## Demo

https://6173282dd6f6a80008394844--storybook-course.netlify.app/

## Custom installation instructions

First we use tsdx to setup our react + storybook.

```
npx tsdx create courseStorybook
yarn add -D tailwindcss@npm:@tailwindcss/postcss7-compat @tailwindcss/postcss7-compat postcss@^7 autoprefixer@^9
```

If you get the error ("Received malformed response from registry for undefined. The registry may be down.") in the preceding step try

```
npm install -D tailwindcss@npm:@tailwindcss/postcss7-compat @tailwindcss/postcss7-compat postcss@^7 autoprefixer@^9
```

Now we can initialize TailwindCSS in our project

```
npx tailwindcss init
yarn add -D rollup-plugin-postcss
```

Create tsdx.config.js in root

```
// tsdx.config.js
const postcss = require('rollup-plugin-postcss');

module.exports = {
  rollup(config, options) {
    config.plugins.push(
      postcss({
        config: {
          path: './postcss.config.js',
        },
        extensions: ['.css'],
        minimize: true,
        inject: {
          insertAt: 'top',
        },
      })
    );
    return config;
  },
};
```

Create tailwind.css in /src

```
// src/tailwind.css

@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

In index.tsx

```
import './tailwind.css`;
```

## Commands

### build:css

- Install postcss globally: npm install postcss-cli -g
  Then run yarn build:css

TSDX scaffolds your new library inside `/src`, and also sets up a [Parcel-based](https://parceljs.org) playground for it inside `/example`.

The recommended workflow is to run TSDX in one terminal:

```bash
npm start # or yarn start
```

This builds to `/dist` and runs the project in watch mode so any edits you save inside `src` causes a rebuild to `/dist`.

Then run either Storybook or the example playground:

### Storybook

Run inside another terminal:

```bash
yarn storybook
```

This loads the stories from `./stories`.

> NOTE: Stories should reference the components as if using the library, similar to the example playground. This means importing from the root project directory. This has been aliased in the tsconfig and the storybook webpack config as a helper.

### Example

Then run the example inside another:

```bash
cd example
npm i # or yarn to install dependencies
npm start # or yarn start
```

The default example imports and live reloads whatever is in `/dist`, so if you are seeing an out of date component, make sure TSDX is running in watch mode like we recommend above. **No symlinking required**, we use [Parcel's aliasing](https://parceljs.org/module_resolution.html#aliases).

To do a one-off build, use `npm run build` or `yarn build`.

To run tests, use `npm test` or `yarn test`.

## Configuration

Code quality is set up for you with `prettier`, `husky`, and `lint-staged`. Adjust the respective fields in `package.json` accordingly.

### Jest

Jest tests are set up to run with `npm test` or `yarn test`.

### Bundle analysis

Calculates the real cost of your library using [size-limit](https://github.com/ai/size-limit) with `npm run size` and visulize it with `npm run analyze`.

## Continuous Integration

### GitHub Actions

Two actions are added by default:

- `main` which installs deps w/ cache, lints, tests, and builds on all pushes against a Node and OS matrix
- `size` which comments cost comparison of your library on every pull request using [size-limit](https://github.com/ai/size-limit)

## Named Exports

Per Palmer Group guidelines, [always use named exports.](https://github.com/palmerhq/typescript#exports) Code split inside your React app instead of your React library.

## Including Styles

There are many ways to ship styles, including with CSS-in-JS. TSDX has no opinion on this, configure how you like.

For vanilla CSS, you can include it at the root directory and add it to the `files` section in your `package.json`, so that it can be imported separately by your users and run through their bundler's loader.

## Publishing to NPM

We recommend using [np](https://github.com/sindresorhus/np).

[TSDX Docs](https://tsdx.io/).
